Improve prominence of "VDI" / "VNC" keywords in docs (#3940)
gitpod-io/website: src/content/docs/introduction/learn-gitpod/index.md

# Learn Gitpod

Cloud development environments (CDEs) are on-demand development environments that are pre-configured with all tools, libraries and dependencies needed to write and review code. They can be easily duplicated and shared across teams.

## What is a Gitpod Workspace?

Gitpod allows easy creation of personal "workspaces". Workspaces are based on Linux and can be automated through configuration of a gitpod.yml and/or a workspace image, such as Docker. Workspaces are ephemeral and fully-isolated, with full super-user permissions.

Anything you can do on Linux, you can do in Gitpod.

You can use Gitpod for native desktop UI and graphical user interface (GUI) applications via Virtual Networking Computing (VNC), to achieve an experience comparible to Virtual Desktop Infrastructure (VDI) yet fully optimised for developer experience.

See [Ephemeral Workspaces](/docs/introduction/learn-gitpod/one-workspace-per-task), [Workspace Image](/docs/configure/workspaces/workspace-image) and [.gitpod.yml](/docs/references/gitpod-yml) for more.

> ## Who can use Gitpod?
> 
> Gitpod is optimised for developer experience, however having access to reproducible workspaces is beneficial to many members of an engineering organisation. For instance: Platform Engineers, Quality Assurance, Data Scientists and Product Managers can use Gitpod for use cases such as: running test suites, previewing applications and performing operations work.

Author: I like this section, but if it brings challenges, we _could_ remove. 

```suggestion
```

## Accessing Gitpod via Browser or Desktop

> You can access Gitpod with a code editor (e.g. VS Code), IDE (e.g. IntelliJ), or the terminal (e.g. SSH) either with through a browser, or on a desktop machine, such as a laptop, phone or tablet.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can access Gitpod on a PC, laptop, tablet or phone using a code editor (e.g. VS Code), IDE (e.g. IntelliJ), or a terminal (e.g. SSH). Both browser-based and desktop applications are supported.```
This reads weird to me due to the "with through a browser" and due to to how complicated the sentence is structured. The above suggestion tires to simplify the sentence a bit.

See [IDEs & Editors](/docs/references/ides-and-editors) for more.

<!-- TODO: Rename page + introduce ephemerality -->

<!--

> ### Edit in your browser

Author: It would be nice to include this, but could be omitted from this PR.
